Why are you already my woman?
Are you afraid to let me hold hands?
I just wanted to make my family angry about what happened last night
Why don't you think I'm more handsome?
Do you like me a little bit?
You are really narcissistic
I am a famous beauty in Gimhae
The unattainable iceberg female president
Will like you a rich student
So what do you like?
I like people more than you
That's one in the sky and one on the ground.
Can only make you look up
Oh, it does?
Say it and let me hear it
Oh, no.
Say it and let me look up
Know at that time
Who is the man who is as dazzling as a legend?
I know.
Isn't that me?
You are.
In my eyes
Except me.
No second man
It is as dazzling as a legend in the world
You're really bragging about not paying taxes.
Although what happened last night
It does make me feel good about you.
It also makes me think you have some ability
But your narcissism really makes me hate it
In your heart
You should still think
The man you like in your heart
Is it the best in the world?
Of course!
There's no question about it.
I really want to know who that man is
Then say it.
Have you heard of Zhan Shuai?
Hahaha what?
You said the man you like is Zhan Shuai